What are you doing here?
I took out all the SWAT team near here.
So get them out now.
Kids, be careful.
This way. Come on.
You punk.
I told you I hoped to never see you again.
Yeong-ro…
I don't see her.
I don't see Ms. Pi too.
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Lee, are you not coming with us?
Han-na, some people are still inside.
Go. I'll catch up.
What?
Lee Gang-mu.
Don't you dare to die in there.
I'll kill you if you do.
I'll die at your hands if I have to die.
So don't worry, and go without me. Now.
Fourth floor all searched.
Target not found.
What?
Blow up the second floor
where the students are.
Now!
Bomb squad to the second floor. Hurry!
Copy.
We must hurry!
Come on!
Ms. Oh!
-Ms. Oh!
Soo-ho.
Captain, I found the target!
-It's them!
-Open fire!
Lim Soo-ho!
To the prayer room!
Evade!
-To the prayer room!
-Move faster!
Go to the prayer room! Hurry up!
Soo-ho…
Soo-ho.
To the west. Move!
There!
Soo-ho!